Make Java docs less confusing and easier to follow. (#3045)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/includes/performance/connect-errors-spans/java.mdx

Sentry errors can be linked with transactions and spans.

> <PlatformSection supported={["java"]} notSupported={["android", "java.spring", "java.spring-boot"]}>

Reviewer: good addition here.

<Note>

> If you are using either our [Spring](/platforms/java/guides/spring/) or [Spring Boot](/platforms/java/guides/spring-boot/) integrations, errors are linked with spans automatically.

Reviewer 2: Would be good to word this in a way that the information on this page is still useful. Users can still instrument their apps programatically while using the spring integration

Author: This is just about linking errors and spans. If you have better wording in mind, give it a go :-)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have dedicated performance features for our [Spring](/platforms/java/guides/spring/) and [Spring Boot](/platforms/java/guides/spring-boot/) integrations. In addition, errors are linked with spans automatically using either of these integrations.
```
